hey guys alright so my girl Michelle
damn Rodriguez Ramirez something um
asked on my Facebook page how I decide
how to do my cardio I've had a thousand
calories per week all season and just
recently in his last couple of months
we've put in three hit training sessions
as well I can do it at any time during
the week my check-ins are on Thursdays
so I literally get a piece of paper out
and this is how I do it there's not a
real science behind and it changes a lot
so what I've done here is give you like
to typical weeks and tell you like my
basic decision making process and like I
said it's not always the same but we'll
go over it real quick so this first week
here it's single it as always my
training split is in the description box
below guys if you want to take a look at
it but say this week here right and
let's say I have nothing planned this is
just my lips I'm typical week right I
know that me personally I don't like to
do hit sessions on the day before lower
body so I know that this will not be a
high-intensity session that being said
this usually is does it have to be no
but I usually will so like this will be
hit one right another thing that's like
a generality of mine is on lower body
days I generally like to warm up a
little bit more with the hunter calories
first so I'll do like a hundred steady
state let me hear wow so I'll do like
steady stay a hundred there I know that
for sure sometimes I'll do more after
but I know just to get an extra warm up
I like that on lower body days excuse my
awful handwriting and then of course not
of course but usually because I don't
have lips on these days I like to do hit
on those days too
so we'll say h2 h3 so those are my three
hit training sessions for the week and a
lot of times too because my shoulder and
arm workout is like nowhere near have
you those two all usually like load this
with sometimes a hint session but
definitely some type of car do I usually
one or two before like I think yesterday
added 250 before actually but we'll say
like steady-state 205 so um there's
three hits there's 300 calories so I
have 700 left um like I said these days
I almost never do any as far as cardio
goes because it's the day before leg day
right um so throughout these off days I
got 700 left let's see Sunday's there's
never spin class and I kind of like to
do spin sometimes so let's say like
tuesday i go into do hit and if i'm just
doing hit and i'm already at the gym i
usually add another at least one of 200
calories right after that just because
that's like 20 minutes and this is
probably another 20 minutes so let's say
that's that's 400 and we got 600 left i
might do 300 and 300 and this like I
said sometimes like said you'd hit and I
do another hundred and like I got
hungry well go back to spin class and do
another 200 and nuts but maina moral of
the story is I kind of then there's a
couple absolutes like the before light
day I I don't like doing cardio on leg
day I like at least a hundred before
just to warm up some more but beyond
that it's just kind of filling it in as
like what kind of makes sense now week
number two I wanted to go over say like
last weekend there was a show on
Saturday right so let's take the same
like say it's the same workout split but
there's a show here and that usually
takes like all day say like there's a
show in San Jose so I'm not going to
work out at all this day how do I make
things work in there
well what I might do is if I don't want
to work out here and it's usually a
lower-body day I might like swap these
two right so then i might go like made
switch markers so my split might
actually be like no lift here so i might
do lower here right before shoulders
arms not my be chest back so this would
be off right and because i'm not doing
cardio there I know that a I'm gonna
have to overload these days so like this
would be like probably hits plus 200 um
this would definitely be that 100 like I
said to warm up this are probably
shoulders and arms plus like 100 before
and 100 after maybe this is definitely
going to be a hit and so with this boo
its testing back nevermind see I don't
like doing cardio that day or this day
so then I might like definitely do hit
plus 200 plus that's what it's five six
seven then I might come back for like a
full 30 minutes of spin which i estimate
spin at like ten calories a minute so
again I hope y'all can follow that but
there's not a real rhyme or reason to it
but that's kind of my thought process a
couple of absolutes mostly just kind of
how the week works out and I can kind of
play with it um to make it work with my
schedule hope the answers thank you for
your question Michelle and talk to you
guys later
you